I want to add 2 schoo-wide Pulse screens. We might need to separate this task into 2 groupss. Bassically a scrreen that has a dedicatd URL. We have several signage devices that allow for display of a URL. I wany to be able to sett what data points are included in this live timeline that updates as action take place arond campus. This display wold have a section across the bottom that shows a a bar grapgh that show the point totals for each house. (like harry potter) WE will. need a way to sort students into houses of that doe d not already exists. Points total are updated live and bar grapgh adjust. I would like a student picture to popup on the bar grapgh as it is awarded. If multiple "bulk" points arrive at the same time these should be placed into a queue and should sustain on the view fo 5 seconds. before meing replaced by the next in the queue. The top section of the scren roughly 3/4 of the screen would be a live running bar vertical bar with a style timeline that adds new actions at the bottong of the list and as new oone happen they are added to the list. from the bottom and it pushes previous addition upward towad the top of the screen. onnce the stack reaches the top of the screen they are dropped from the list. Use the same 5 second hold beore added events that are bulk or arrive near the same time. there should be a Queue. This LIVEcalled it "PBIS Timeline" Will need a left sode bar title listed in the workspace area. IT will be visible for all members of the school. There should be a tab on the school setting hub that allows for editing all Timeline types. call it something related to chaging or editing the Timeline. This section should be editable by the core team. I want to be able to adjust the gradient colors of each house, the addition of a house logo, House name, and the duration of the hold time for each idividual new entry being added rom the queue. There should be a picker from which we can select what type of data items are being added to the queue. 
1. The second TIMEline should have a tab on the Settings page or be added in a second section of the current tiimeline edit page. It will allow for the same bar grapgh setup at the boton of the page but this time options should include which grade level teachers are using the sit the app the most. This section would also have the upper section, just like the other timeline page, but it would show all actions that are happening. There should be a picker on the settings hub that would allow admin or core team to adjust what items are being shown on that feed. This one would be far expanded, like including adult interventions, tardies, pull-outs, positive points, calls home, emails home, interventions given. This list would be extensive in the picker page that truly would allow a snapshot of what's happening on campus. On these little arms that come off of that center line, I would like it to branch slightly to the left or the right depending on the type of intervention or action that's being logged. If it's a school-wide positive type intervention, a trusted adult, a phone call home, creating a health meter, if you will, the further the main trunk is to the right of the screen, the stronger the culture feels, and the further it skews to the left, the more negative the culture feels. I would like the main trunk to remain somewhat red and have a little bit of a pulsing look as it goes up, but then as it branches, I would like the branches to start having a green tint in a gradient the further it gets away from the middle of the screen, and then a red the further it gets to the left of the screen. That should be in gradient, a nice, smooth UI look, trying to give the feel of the pulse of the school. The little arms or branches that come off should have a pill large enough to display a small little picture of the student's face or staff person's face. As well as the student or staff person's name and what the action was, bathroom pass with a number that would be the number of minutes that student was out, or a parent phone call would have the teacher picture, their name, phone call. In the phone call section we're going to build later, teachers will indicate if it was a positive phone call home with a plus sign or a negative phone call home with a minus sign. Those two particular things would take the main trunk to the right or the left, depending on positive or negative. We might need to have a spot on the settings tab for this particular timeline where we can drag and drop each of the type of data points being entered into this system to the right or the left, depending on if we are considering that to be a positive or a negative intervention that would assist in the adjustment of the trunk on this timeline to the right or the left, depending on it being positive or negative. And the final or third timeline would be an individual student timeline. that would be available for anyone on campus to look at, but only available to the teacher of record for individual students. This would also be part of the parent URL access that we created earlier, where parents can see snapshots of what's happening on campus. I would like them to be able to click a button that would take them to their individual student's timeline. That's a lot. Please unpack what you heard. I don't think we have a place right now to upload pictures of staff or students. So there are many pieces we may have to build on the back end just to make this feature work. I would like a section on the settings tab for staff members to be able to, with access, of course, to be able to go to the settings tab, click on a view URL for that particular table that they could share with individuals. Additionally, each timeline view should have the ability to click and toggle it so that it either shows the truncated pulsing heartbeat of the school, that pulse screen, that timeline we just built, or we could switch it to just a running list with the time of the intervention and all the same information, but in inline view, as opposed to the graphical URL previously described. Please confirm what you heard, what steps we need to do, and propose a plan. 